All contributions officially submitted to the libOpenRTMP project ("the contribution") will be
received only if the copyright holder agrees to the following terms:

	1. 	The contribution must be provided with a perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable
		license which grants Hubtag LLC. full permission to use, sell, relicense, or
		otherwise exploit the contribution as they see fit.

	2. 	If the owner of the contribution believes they have mistakenly made an official
		submission under these terms, they may revoke the implicit license provided all of
		the following conditions are met:

		i. 	The date at which the contribution was submitted must be no more than 60
			days prior to the date at which the revocation request was made.

		ii. 	The contribution is one of the three most recent contributions made by the
			owner to the libOpenRTMP project.

		iii. 	The owner permits the persistence of any copies of the contribution, of
			which Hubtag LLC. or any subsidiary or employee thereof no longer has any
			control over, under the terms of whatever license they have already been
			distributed under.

The contribution is considered to be an official submission (and thereby implicitly subject to the
aforementioned terms) if it is one of the following:

	1.	An accepted pull request on Github.

	2.	An email to a libOpenRTMP project maintainer containing either code or a patch 
		which explicitly states that said code or patch is an official submission.

	3.	Any other conveyance of code which is accompanied by a clear remark stating that
		it should be incorporated into the libOpenRTMP project.

An official submission is not:

	1.	Code provided in a fork of the libOpenRTMP project under the terms of the fork.

	2.	Code provided in a discussion of the project with no explicit statement claiming it
		to be an official submission.

	3.	Code which is explicitly provided exclusively under the terms of another license
		(such as the AGPL license).
 
		i.	This distinction must be made explicit, either through a comment in the
			code or as a statement accompanying the contribution, otherwise the
			implicit license mentioned in the first section is the one which will be
			used to transfer the contribution.

	4.	Any submission that would otherwise be considered to be an official submission
		which is provided by an author who has already made a clear, written statement
		indicating their desire to provide all of their contributions to the libOpenRTMP
		project under another license.

This agreement exists to permit Hubtag LLC. the rights to relicense the project to commercial
entities under non-AGPL terms, as well as the flexibility to relicense into more liberal licenses
in the future (such as zlib or BSD). If you wish to improve the project without agreeing to these
terms, by all means fork the project into an independent repository which is exclusively AGPL
licensed. That's why it's under the AGPL already!
